Add visibleMonths prop to DatePicker (#3513)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/date-picker/examples.mdx

The Date Range Picker enables selection of start and end dates, using the input fields or two calendars displayed.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="date-picker" exampleName="CompactRange">

> ## Compact Date range

Reviewer: I don't think we should keep this naming, Visible months is probably better

Author: modified

> The Compact Date Range Picker enables selection of start and end dates, using the input fields or one calendars displayed in case of mobile viewport.

Reviewer 2: I would imagine the limited space might not only be the result of it being in mobile but potentially in a small window or even a small section of the application

maybe something like: 
```suggestion
The Compact Date Range Picker renders a single calendar for a range selection. We recommend using it when the space is limited.
```

Author: done
